[CODE QUALITY]
Author of the code review: 
UGONNA OBIAGWU

Date of the code review
November 10th, 2023.

Sprint Number
4

Name of the .cs file(s) being reviewed
sprint0/HUDs/Inventory.cs

Author of the .cs file being reviewed
Madoka Kamishima

Specific comments on code quality
* Code is very clean and to the point.
* The Dictionary data structure is a good idea to match item types to their specific values at runtime.
* Does the Inventory system need to be an instance object? Where will this object be instantiated? In globals?

A hypothetical change to make to the game related to the file being reviewed and how the current implementation could or could not easily support that change
* I'd change some of the variable names for some clarity/consistency and also rename the igameobject variable.
* I'd consider making this a static class since there will never be more than one Inventory around. How is this to be accessed by Collision.. wouldn't it need to be added into Globals, for example?
* If the HUD needs to talk to this at all times, I'd rather it be a static class so there's never any chances of something going awry with the connection between the Inventory, Item System, and Collision and other people that are subscribed to this data file. 
* As it is, you're passing around this reference to a class which will make all the receiving code extremely messy and create a large call stack if things don't work. Not every class that needs the Inventory is an instance class / managed from one.

[READABILITY]
Author of the code review: 
UGONNA OBIAGWU

Date of the code review
November 10th, 2023.

Sprint number
4

Name of the .cs file(s) being reviewed
sprint0/HUDs/HUD.cs

Author of the .cs file being reviewed
Madoka Kimishima

Number of minutes taken to complete the review
5

Specific comments on what is readable and what is not
* Since a lot of the class is just drawing of different elements it's quite readable and easy to follow
* This may be a code quality thing.. but the numbers for the HUD are quite magic. The HUD will need pushed down when the game is paused. How will this impact where certain things are drawn
* Also CQ but there is in fact a font sheet for the game.
* The heart display method could use a comment or two explaining the logic as I feel it's quite prone to causing confusions for others potentially
